Docs: add Admission user guide (#119)
kubeedge/website: content/en/docs/advanced/admission.md

toc: true
type: docs
---

> KubeEdge supports [admission webhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#what-are-admission-webhooks) to control resources on the edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeEdge uses [admission webhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#what-are-admission-webhooks) for CRD validation and automated configurations for resources on the edge.
```
